[WIP] feat: add lambda auth docs (#3429)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/graphqlapi/fragments/js/authz.md

</amplify-callout>

> ### Lambda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### AWS Lambda
```

> You can implement your own API authorization logic using an AWS Lambda function. Lambda authorizers can be configured via the settings section in the AppSync console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can implement your own custom API authorization logic using an AWS Lambda function. To add a Lambda as an authorization mode for you AppSync API, go to the **Settings** section of the **AppSync console**.
```

> If you are using a Lambda authorizer with your AppSync API, you will need to pass an authentication token with each API request and will need to manage token refresh in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a Lambda as an authorization mode with your AppSync API, you will need to pass an authentication token with each API request and will need to manage token refresh in your application.
```

  },
});
```

> ### Lambda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### AWS Lambda
```

> You can implement your own API authorization logic using an AWS Lambda function. To add a Lambda authorizer as an authentication mode for you API, please see the Settings section of the AppSync console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can implement your own custom API authorization logic using an AWS Lambda function. To add a Lambda as an authorization mode for you AppSync API, go to the **Settings** section of the **AppSync console**.
```
